NEKO#ΦωΦ：Whew~ finally home.
NEKO#ΦωΦ：Ugh, so annoying~ Why is it raining so much these days?
？？？：Umm......
NEKO#ΦωΦ：Man~~ Even my shoes are totally drenched...
NEKO#ΦωΦ：A beggar? No no no, I don't have any money.
？？？：... It's me...
NEKO#ΦωΦ：……？
NEKO#ΦωΦ：...... AHH!! PAFF!? WHY ARE YOU HERE!?
PAFF：P, please keep your voice down...
NEKO#ΦωΦ：Yikes~ Why are you so dirty and smelly? Don't come near me!
PAFF：I'm so sorry. I... Ugh...
NEKO#ΦωΦ：W,w,w, wait a sec~ Are you alright...?
NEKO#ΦωΦ：You can barely stand...
[Tuner-san]：Aroma's health condition unstable. Water and nutrients required.
PAFF：... *Sobs* I'm sorry... *Sobs*...
NEKO#ΦωΦ：*Sighs* What the... Is this some kind of prank for a TV show?
PAFF：*Sobs*......
NEKO#ΦωΦ：... Anyway, let's get inside first. You're gonna catch a cold if you keep standing in the rain like this.